AI Team – Intern Engineering – 04 May
1.OVERVIEW:
• In this assessment, you are required to build a tool that uses Large Language Models
(LLMs) to extract structured information from unstructured resumes (CVs). The goal is to
evaluate your ability to work with LLMs, handle PDF files, and design a reproducible
evaluation method for your tool.
• You may use any LLM provider (open or closed source), and any orchestration frameworks
or tools such as LangChain, LangGraph, CrewAI, OpenAI SDK, etc.
• This is a design-and-build exercise. We are interested in your end-to-end thinking: how
you process inputs, prompt or design the LLM interaction, validate outputs, and document
the solution.
• NOTE: Candidates are free to use AI coding tools (e.g., Claude Code, Antigravity, etc.). We
do not evaluate based on whether AI tools are used. Instead, we focus on how effectively
you leverage these tools and, more importantly, how well you design, explain, and
demonstrate that your system works end-to-end thinking.
• Time Estimate: The full test should take approximately focus times 6-8 hours maybe less
since AI Agent Code. You may take breaks, but please submit your work within 120 hours
(5 days) of receiving the test from Gmail sent.
2. DATASET INPUT:
Use the following resume dataset:
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/snehaanbhawal/resume-dataset?select=data
Important: Only use files from the “BANKING” and ““INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY” folder.
Submissions using files outside this folder will not be accepted.
3. EVALUATION CRITERIA:
• Multiple format handling and input: How well you use the LLM to extract the entity from
the unstructured data (plain-text or scanned PDF files)
• RAG Extraction: How accurately you use the LLM to implement the prompt to extract
entities and store them in the JSON file
• Product deployments: How can you can serve your ideas as valuable products (UI for users
chat, UI for user manage documents, etc.)

4. OUTPUT REQUIREMENTS
I. RAG Input Handling (One RAG for Multiple) – 60% Score
a. The ONE RAG solution one for multiple domains
Allow HR User query both CV Resume for Information Technology candidate and
Banking Candidate in RAG
II. Deployable Product Requirement – 30% Score
a. The candidate must demonstrate how the RAG system can be deployed as a user-
facing product
Example: Streamlit app or similar lightweight interface or anythings
b. The product should allow users to upload/query documents and receive responses
III. Evaluation RAG Requirement (Optional feature but it’s very good to have) – 10% Score
a. Candidates should explain how they measure performance (e.g., accuracy,
relevance, latency)
b. Include both qualitative (manual review) and quantitative metrics (e.g., retrieval
precision, answer correctness)
c. The ONE RAG solution multiple input
i. Text-based PDFs (digitally generated)
ii. Scanned PDFs (image-based, requiring OCR)
5. Submission: TRY TO REPORT BY ENGLISH
You need to submit the following items:
• Source Code: You can submit your code in a GitHub repo link x Demo Link Short
• Documentation (short report or slide): Show your approach to implement this tool
(technology stack, workflow, etc.) => PUT IT TO README GITHUB
• Title Email: Test Assignment Submission – YOUR NAME – POSITION
E.g. Test Assignment Submission – NGUYEN VAN A - AI Intern
• Send to huylt@imt-soft.com | recruit@imt-soft.com